##LG_Prime Biography – Patrick Genovese
I created a bot that will help Lisa Gilligan not only increase the amount of potential clients, 
but also help those potential clients to be informed. The bot will walk clients through a complex form
that normally Lisa GIlligan would do herself and educate them along the way. This way, the potential 
clients will be able to move through Lisa Gilligan's intake process faster, and save her from filling out, what she 
calls "that damn form." LG_Prime can be found at: *******insert link

##Framing
Lisa Gilligan runs her own solo practice out of Reading Massachusetts. She has a husband, two children, and two brand new
grandchildren. Between work and her growing family, Lisa needs to utilize every minute she has. When we first spoke about potential
projects, I asked her, "What is something you do all the time, that you wish you never had to do again?" she told me "This damn form!" 
She showed me a seven page packet that she has to go through with each of her clients seeking estate planning advice. This process on 
average took roughly thirty minutes or more, due to all of the complex legalese within the form, that the clients didnt understand. 
I created a recource  that would walk clients through this form, educate them on legal issues and then if they wanted, direct them
to Lisa Gilligan's office. This would give her more clients who were educated and ready to begin, and more time to focus on more cases. 

##Research
First I had Lisa Gilligan go through the form with me the way that she would with a client. This way I was able to see how she would 
explain certain concepts, which parts of the form she would emphasize, and how long it would take. Next I looked to see if there
was already a bot out there that could go through this form. The closest thing I found to a solution was clicking through mass.gov
and consulting an attorney or clerk. Next, I looked up all of the mpc forms that this form referenced and gained an understanding of what 
they each required. Finally I looked up the legal language definitions and put them into lay people terms.

##Ideation & Prototyping
Considering all of the potential toos for this solution, I narrowed my selection down to Community Lawyer and QnA Markup. Community 
Lawyer has better accessibility, but I was more familiar with QnA and how to insert javascript and export information. Plus, I felt less
restricted using the QnA tools. I chose QnA because I believed more in my ability with this tool to create a better product.

User Testing
Aside from myself and what I thought would be useful I also received feedback from my three
supervisors. I met with all three of them separately and at different stages. I initially spoke
about the project with Josh, he was excited about the idea and provided some input. From his
feedback I decided to add important contacts to the QnA. I spoke with Dean McLaurin and she
loved the idea, especially after seeing all that QnA could do so easily. She gave me some
documents that might be useful to have in the QnA. Finally, I was able to speak to Vanessa who
also loved the idea and want to continue working and improving it this upcoming semester. She
also sent me some written feedback which is titled ‘ProjectFeedbackVanessa’ which can be
found at https://jpromes.github.io/ctl_final/ProjectFeedbackVanessa.docx and it was sent to
you via email on 12/15/18.

Refinement
I tried to integrate all the feedback into the final version of the project. From the feedback I
reorganized the categories a few times, each time making it flow a bit better. However, for the
purposes of the clinic, this will likely not be the final version since the plan is to work with it
with my peers and keep refining it as we all take note of what works or what else might be
useful to have. I uploaded some of the versions of my QnA in the .txt version, the final one
being version 4. The final product in .html is simply named jdchelper. I only kept one html
version in order to make the same link provided to my supervisors available.

Intro Pitch
The PowerPoint used for my intro pitch can be found at
https://jpromes.github.io/ctl_final/ProjectPitch.pptx

Complexity/Robustness
My initial plan to use document automation for some of the documents in my QnA. However,
after speaking with my supervisors we ultimately decided that it would be easier if it were not
used. All these forms, aside from the opening and closing, are filled out in court. It would not
make much sense to have automated documents in this tool.

Impact & Efficiencies
This QnA has the potential to increase efficiency in the clinic. Students spend time searching in
different locations for all this information, and this tool has everything in one place. This will
also allow supervisors to spend more time answering case related questions as opposed to a
step by step on what happens on duty day, at least the first few weeks. I believe that, although
specific to the juvenile defenders clinic, this is a tool can be adopted by others and easily
changed to fit their needs.

Fit/Completeness
This QnA address the main problems I wanted to address. It answers the questions and
provides the documents and information I would have loved to have day one in the clinic. As
mentioned earlier, I will be working with Vanessa over the course of next semester to fine tune
it even more since the plan is for it to be used by future JDC students.

Documentation
The QnA is pretty straight forward and all the necessary documents are in my project page. All
the information used is easily accessible to any JDC student were they not able to get it through
my QnA.

Real World Viability
The QnA is ready to use now. However, as I pointed out earlier, I will be refining it more next
semester once my peers get to use it and provide me with more feedback.

Sustainability
Right now, I will be continuing to work on this in the up coming semester. Once there is a
version everyone in the clinic has had a chance to provide input, I plan on making a quick
tutorial in the case someone in the future would want to make changes. 
Brainstorm potential partners:
  1. Mr. Crowely
  2. Mrs. Gilligan
  3. Liberty Mutual
  4. Judge Patten
  5. Comunity Lawyer
Choose:
  Mrs. Gilligan
Why:
  Mr. Gilligan has the least support within her practice among the potential partners. she is in an interesting field I know little about. She is easily accessible given our informal and friendy rapport.

Meetings will Partner: 
I initial meeting via text
    I explained the project, what i have orked on in the past, asked her to take some time and think about the work she is doing this week and we can talk again over the weekend 
   
Second meeting
      Mrs. Gilligan spoke about her solo practice having to be in court, communicate with clients, juggle her new baby grandkids and her mundane office work
                I Hone in on the mundane work
      The most boring piece of work that takes the most time is the questionaire to determine whether the client can use a formal or informal petition to request an appointed representative
      It can be flowcharted easily. the terms used are too complex for a layperson. Mrs. Gilligan hates it 
                  We found a winner. 
WORK Product                  
 - Begin an initial flowchart. notice a lot of switching between possitive and negative questions. will have to sort and reorganize/ reformat questions
 - Look for open sources to use as explanations for certain terms
 - Begin an initial QnA mark up
 - Finalize presentation for Intro Pitch: https://github.com/pgenovese95/ctl_final/blob/master/Solo%20Practitioner%2C%20You%20are%20not%20alone.pptx
 
 

 
 
